do we build a solution or a plugin ? 

Ranga prefers plugins . 

Some activities that can be auyomated using ai / ml . 

most companies are trying an inhouse solution 

they have customized soltuons for themselves 

pinnacle21 - CHECK THIS OUT, validation tool , everyone is using this . 

generating the table shell documents ysing AI power , that is being done at industry level . someone from pinnacle is involved . 

clymb clinical - trying to creater the table structure , TLF designer for data tables 

Stat programming is reporting basically , we do it in a more structured way . 

visualization for management , look into this in a more automated fashion . 

RAVE data - look into. 

Provide a platform , generate a report , grab the variables present , no code or low code visualization platform. 

power bi is limited in functionality , anything where you can grab data and specify simple conditions to show visuals . 

have a mechanism where you can hjave inputs based on conditions thjat you specify . 

Crete a dashboard , give the conditions you want and then results should highlught based on that. 

Some mechanism for the revieweerr to review the data , and then add some kind of programmatic comments to review the same thing again . 

visualization is the latest trend people want to impkenent for this . 

I should not be spending that much time on data prep and quality - MAKE THIS A BUSINESS IDEA . 

Have some kind of automated functionality for cleaning up data and standardizing it . 

VIZUALYTIZAUNOI and gettingf data to it - that is ewhere the money is . 

Clinical Operations is where you have money . 

Algorix - look into it . 

There is a gap in integrating these smaller individual pieces . 

real world evidence data - look into it . 

Data collection is getting standardized , just need to write template programs - not too much scope in this. 

Entymos - data cillection and standardization companuy , look into . 

Small add on products instead of building out a platform , using them to get an answer. 

Genentech gaps that I found when I was there. 

take a column , add what all changes yoy want to it wrt standardization . 

data standarizationn+ visuals in a single plarform . 

Exposing it as an API also seems valuable according to him .

Clinicaltrials.gov will not give the data we want in the format we want , he does not seem too interested in this. 

FDA data also can be scraped , but what to do with it ? 

do not have to sell the tools , can sell services based on the tools . 

some kind of action items concept with build it pre modules. 

say I got a issue with the visualization , comment on it and send feedback to them instantly . 

some kind of versioning to ensure the same rules that applied before also apply now. proof that I have gone through the data , write a comment to say this needs to be fixed. Errors have to be assigned to someone. 

when seeing data trends in visuals , can a biz owner set a comment to fix it , send it over tio someone , have a look at the data , tomorrow I have new data and now I do not know which data I have revieweed . 

Why should visuals be used only to look at data , also should review data point in that data , and be able to do query manegement from there . 

Medical monmitoring teams - look into them . 


figma collaborative 

salesforce journey - look into this as a potential solution . 













